feat: Editorial review: Long animation frames API docs (#33039)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/performancescripttiming/index.md

- It indicates the identity and type of the invoker, i.e. the feature that, when invoked, ran the script.
- It provides detailed information on each script source file, including the URL, and the function name and character position that contributed to the LoAF.

## Inheritance

`PerformanceScriptTiming` inherits from {{domxref("PerformanceEntry")}}.

{{InheritanceDiagram}}

## Instance properties

This interface extends the following {{domxref("PerformanceEntry")}} properties for long animation frame timing performance entry types by qualifying them as follows:

- {{domxref("PerformanceEntry.duration")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}} {{Experimental_Inline}}
  - : Returns a {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} representing the elapsed time between the start and end of the script's execution, in milliseconds.
- {{domxref("PerformanceEntry.entryType")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}} {{Experimental_Inline}}
  - : Returns the entry type, which is always `"script"`.
- {{domxref("PerformanceEntry.name")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}} {{Experimental_Inline}}
  - : Returns the entry name, which is always `"script"`.
- {{domxref("PerformanceEntry.startTime")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}} {{Experimental_Inline}}

>   - : Returns a {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} representing the time when the script execution started, in milliseconds.

Author: updates applied

This interface also supports the following properties:

- {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming.executionStart")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}} {{Experimental_Inline}}

>   - : Returns a {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} indicating the time script compilation finished and execution started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns a {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} indicating the time when the script compilation finished and execution started.
```

Author: done

>   - : Returns a {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} indicating the time script compilation finished and execution started, in milliseconds.

Author: Good point; they are all timestamps. I've removed "in milliseconds" for all of them, in all places.

>   - : Returns a {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} indicating the time script compilation finished and execution started, in milliseconds.

Reviewer: Cool, thanks!

- {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming.forcedStyleAndLayoutDuration")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}} {{Experimental_Inline}}

>   - : Returns a {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} indicating the total time spent by the script processing forced layout/style, in milliseconds. See [Avoid layout thrashing](https://web.dev/articles/avoid-large-complex-layouts-and-layout-thrashing#avoid_layout_thrashing) for an idea of what causes this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns a {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} indicating the total time spent, in milliseconds, by the script processing forced layout/style. See [Avoid layout thrashing](https://web.dev/articles/avoid-large-complex-layouts-and-layout-thrashing#avoid_layout_thrashing) to understand what causes this.
```

Author: updated

- {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming.invoker")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}} {{Experimental_Inline}}
  - : Returns a string value indicating the identity of the feature that, when invoked, ran the script.
- {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming.invokerType")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}} {{Experimental_Inline}}
  - : Returns a string value indicating the type of feature that, when invoked, ran the script.
- {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming.pauseDuration")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}} {{Experimental_Inline}}

>   - : Returns a {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} indicating the total time spent by the script in "pausing" synchronous operations, in milliseconds (for example {{domxref("Window.alert()")}} calls, or synchronous {{domxref("XMLHttpRequest")}}s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns a {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} indicating the total time, in milliseconds, spent by the script on "pausing" synchronous operations (for example, {{domxref("Window.alert()")}} calls or synchronous {{domxref("XMLHttpRequest")}}s).
```

Author: updated

- {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming.sourceCharPosition")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}} {{Experimental_Inline}}
  - : Returns a number representing the script character position of the script feature that contributed to the LoAF.
- {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming.sourceFunctionName")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}} {{Experimental_Inline}}
  - : Returns a string representing the name of the function that contributed to the LoAF.
- {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming.sourceURL")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}} {{Experimental_Inline}}
  - : Returns a string representing the URL of the script.
- {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming.window")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}} {{Experimental_Inline}}

>   - : Returns a reference to a {{domxref("Window")}} object reference representing the `window` of the container (i.e. top-level document or {{htmlelement("iframe")}}) the LoAF-causing script was executed in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns a reference to a {{domxref("Window")}} object representing the `window` of the container (i.e., either the top-level document or an {{htmlelement("iframe")}}) in which the LoAF-causing script was executed.
```

Author: updated

- {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming.windowAttribution")}} {{ReadOnlyInline}} {{Experimental_Inline}}

>   - : Returns an enumerated value describing the relationship of the container (i.e. top-level document or {{htmlelement("iframe")}}) the LoAF-causing script was executed in to the window that the current document is running in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns an enumerated value describing the relationship of the container (i.e., either the top-level document or an {{htmlelement("iframe")}}) in which the LoAF-causing script was executed, relative to the window running the current document.
```

Author: updated
